[Bug #9250]shenyu plugin fix IgnoredTracerContext traceId NPE (#215)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

8.12.0
------------------

> * Fix `Shenyu plugin` IgnoredTracerContext traceId NPE(Use with the apm-trace-ignore-plugin plugin will trigger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix `Shenyu plugin`'s NPE in reading read trace ID when IgnoredTracerContext is used in the context.
```

Reviewer: IgnoredTracerContext could be activated in many cases, such as ignore-plugin, sampling policy activated, and agent disconnected with the OAP server.

Author: > IgnoredTracerContext could be activated in many cases, such as ignore-plugin, sampling policy activated, and agent disconnected with the OAP server.

Understood, not enough consideration at the time
